---
layout: post
title:  Grace Hopper 2016
date:   2016-10-31
description: a view from the recruiting booth
---

A couple weeks ago, I got to go all the way down to Texas to attend Grace Hopper Celebration of Women in Computing!
I was sent as part of the recruiting crew for my company (thank you Shopify!).
The conference was a whirlwind, huge, and a little overwhelming, but definitely worth it.

As part of the recruiting crew, I mostly spent my time in the Career Expo,
where many companies and schools setup to look for students, interns, and full-time employees.
A lot of the usual suspects had huge booths (Google & Facebook),
most of the universities had small booths, but ours was in between. 
We had a table and stools set up in front of a wooden wall with clipboards handing from it and comforting fake grass under it all.
The clipboards featured pictures from our swag: A colouring book of underrepresented tech influencers!
There were also crayons on our table, which allowed people to take a breather from the hectic conference to just colour & chat.
One funny part of recruiting was that many people didn't realize that Shopify isn't based in the US!
Recruiting was a fun way to meet so many women in tech over the span of a few days :)

The highlight of the conference for me was hanging out the my fellow Filipinas in Computing.
There were around 30 of us that showed up to the chat session!
Growing up, I felt that many Filipina girls were encouraged to pursue fine arts but not analytical sciences or math.
So it was heartening to see so many people like me, and with similar interests to mine all together :)

A couple things that weren't great about the conference were the lineups to get into talks (they would turn people away if the room got full), many hotels were far from the convention centre (way too far to walk), and the food for sale at the conference was quite expensive ($4 for a bottle of pop!). But overall, there were plenty of people helping out, giving directions, and the event ran quite smoothly.

After talking all day with people, I didn't have the energy to go to any of the after parties! But if I get to go again, I'll definitely try to attend some.
They sound like they're a lot of fun.
I think the hotels will all be closer next year, which makes naps a real possibility. 😴  Another thing I'd like to do if I go again is attend a few talks, especially the career-oriented ones. Hope see y'all next year in Orlando!

And can I just add... all the food I had in Texas was amazing! BBQ, tacos, sushi... 😍
